feat: add `no-local-dependencies` rule (#1896)
JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-package-json: README.md

| [bin-name-casing](https://eslint-plugin-package-json.dev/rules/bin-name-casing)                                                 | Enforce that names for bin properties are in kebab case.                                                                                                                                     | 🎨    |     | 💡  |
| [exports-subpaths-style](https://eslint-plugin-package-json.dev/rules/exports-subpaths-style)                                   | Enforce consistent format for the exports field (implicit or explicit subpaths).                                                                                                             | 🎨    | 🔧  |     |
| [no-empty-fields](https://eslint-plugin-package-json.dev/rules/no-empty-fields)                                                 | Reports on unnecessary empty arrays and objects.                                                                                                                                             | ✅ 📦 |     | 💡  |

> | [no-local-dependencies](https://eslint-plugin-package-json.dev/rules/no-local-dependencies)                                     | Requires that dependencies do not use local file paths, which will cause errors when installing from a registry.                                                                             |       |     |     |

Author: ```suggestion
| [no-local-dependencies](https://eslint-plugin-package-json.dev/rules/no-local-dependencies)                                     | Requires that dependencies do not use local file paths, which will likely result in errors when installing from a registry.                                                                             |       |     |     |
```
